URL to codepen https://codepen.io/Berthalynn/pen/QWNqJYj?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is using HtML markups to reinforce the meaning of the information

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create pages and for markup

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is an associated property of an element and used to extend the capability of an element.It is placed inside the element's opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 tag is used for the title of a page. you only use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor tag  Image tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
         Important info about the web page: title, keywords, descriptions, locations of stylesheets and scripts

    7. What is an id? 
         An id is an attribute used to define one element for use in CSS

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
         All elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        It is possible to use the same id many times on a page although it is not recommended

    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute used to define multiple elements for use in CSS 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
            All elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
         As many as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank" in the opening anchor, after the link

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        If the image does not load, words will appear describing the image. also useful for screenreaders

    15. How do I reference an id?
        Use # before id name. example: #title

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        sections means that the content is grouped, div does not convey any meaning other than any found in its class, lang, and title attribute

    17. What is CSS used for?
        CSS is where you get the look and feel of the page. color, style, layout, background, etc

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
           h2{ }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class is used to define multiple elements, an id used used to define one element. use class to define the h3 and p elements to be the same color, use id to define a specific p element for a different font

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname { }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
         p .human{ }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
         selects the child of a parent ex  div h2 { }, would be useful when you only want to select the h2 in the div and not all of the div or all of the h2

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
         div .sidebar{ }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a:hover{ }

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:2; inside the selector you wish

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:2px; inside the selctor

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transorm:uppercase; text-transform:lowercase; text-transform:Capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border-width: 1px;
            border-style: dotted;
            border-color: black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{ }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm filename   it is permanent

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        helps manage changes to source code over time. keeps track of every modification

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 20 mins or so

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
         push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork it
        add TL as Collaborator
        clone button
        copy link
        git clone link in directory you want it in
        cd to open repo
        create your branch git checkout -b firstname-lastname
        do assignment
        git add . to add changes
        git commit -m message
        git push -u origin branch-name
        github pull request on your branch
        add  TL to reviewers
        create pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
         Block elements take up the full width available on the page, Inline elements only take up enough width needed to display the contents of the element.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
         the element is positioned in an exact location on the page, effecting the positions of elements both before and after it in the HTML

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        display: inline-block

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        address, footer, and nav are block by default; anchor and button are inline by default; img is inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
        the box model contains 4 boxes nested inside each other. the inner box is the content(the text, images, etc of the page), the next box is the padding(a 
        buffer between the content and the border), the next box is the border(which is pretty much a glorified box displayed around the content), and last is 
        the margin(which is the buffer between the border and the edges of the page).
        